Oh!
"School Sports Day"
We did it! Yay!
"Episode 7:
Here and Now"
Thanks for helping Yuto the other day.
No problem.
He's always getting lost.
Hey! Don't say that!
And thank you, too, Natsumi-chan.
No prob.
Thank you both so much!
No worries.
Thank you for waiting.
This looks so good!
This is so yummy my cheeks'll fall off.
Hey, what are you--?
Well...
I'm just trying to keep them
from falling off.
I didn't mean it literally.
No fair! I'd like to touch them, too!
Quit it!
You two are pretty close, huh?
Well, we've been friends
since junior high, so...
Really?
I had the worst first
impression of her, though.
You did?
Yeah, I did!
I'd love to hear more about it.
Ahem! It was a spring I'll never forget.
My first year in junior high.
What should I do?
It's bouncing all over the place...
I can't be late on my first day
at a new school! I just can't!
What am I supposed to do?
S-Sorry.
She looks kind of scary.
But she's wearing my school's uniform.
All right, I guess I'll just follow her.
Hey! Wait!
Why are you running away?
Wait!
You're too fast!
Why are you following me?
I got lost... Can I follow you?
Fine. Whatever.
She doesn't seem like a bad person...
She's got a nice figure...
...and she's pretty, too.
Compared to her, I'm...
Hey, how old are you?
I-I'm... 13.
No way... You're older than me?!
What?
Oh, we're both in the same grade. You're
so short that I thought you were younger.
I may be... short, but...
Don't judge people by the way they look!
Okay, I'm sorry...
But I think I would've noticed someone as
short as you at the entrance ceremony...
Well, I transferred here today.
Oh. So, that's why you got lost.
Well, I didn't know what to do at first,
but you've been so kind to me. Thanks.
I've got a name, you know.
It's Natsumi. Kurobe Natsumi.
What's yours?
Igarashi Futaba... N-Nice to meet you...
Yeah, nice to meet you, too.
She's cute when she smiles.
We're here.
This is a video arcade.
Yep.
What about school?
I never said I was going there.
I'm ditching today. See ya!
Really?
Because of her, I was way late
for the first day at my new school!
Yeah... I kind of remember
something like that happen--
Because it did happen!
You two really are close.
Ahem! Well... yeah, I guess.
Was she always this adorable?
You bet she was!
Hey, I'm sitting within earshot, you know!
What are you doing?
Oh, hey!
You know about this month's blossom
viewing party? This is who's doing what.
Oh, right. It's that time
of year already, huh?
I'm taking care of saving a spot.
I can do that.
This is the kind of thing you
should let your kouhai handle.
Oh. Okay then, let's both do it!
Well, if you're okay with that, then...
"Staff Whereabouts"
Takeda-kun, could you
come here for a second?
"Staff Whereabouts"
Sure.
"Takeda & Igarashi"
I'm so exhausted...
Yuto-kun?
Kurobe-san!
Small world, huh?
You always been a runner?
Long-distance running, huh?
That brings back memories.
Yes... We keep track
of our times in pairs.
But I'm the only guy
paired up with a girl, so...
You don't want to look uncool, huh?
Kurobe-san, why must you
talk while we're running?
Sorry, I was doing it on purpose.
"Take Your Garbage With You"
How come you have so much stamina?
Because I did track and field.
Wow, that's awesome!
I'm no good at exercising...
Still, you keep at it,
and that's commendable.
Me? I just...
...like to run.
Isn't there something you like, Yuto-kun?
I-I like basketball,
but people are shocked by how bad I am...
What about joining the basketball club?
I'd like to, but... I'm sure
I'd just get in the way...
But you like it, right?
Give it a shot, then.
I think you should do it while you can,
so you won't regret it later on.
Your life as a student is over
before you know it.
School clubs...
Turn in your club application before
you leave school today. All right?
All right.
"Club Application"
Hey, that's bad manners!
What club are you joining?
Me? I'm going to join...
...the art club! I like to draw.
Really?
What about you, Natsumi-chan?
Track and field?
What? You're kidding. Why would I?
Because you're such a fast runner...
Don't you like to run?
It's not that...
It's just...
...I hate competitions.
But you like to run, right?
Then, why don't you just run
for your own sake?
Igarashi, right? Well, I'll just pick
any old club and go to the arcade.
You're not supposed to
ditch school, you know.
Pretty magnificent, huh?
They sure are.
But two weeks from now, all the
cherries'll have fresh green leaves.
Something wrong with that?
Well... don't you think
green's plainer than pink?
Really? I think green's a pretty color.
Green's... pretty?
R-Really? W-Well,
it's my natural hair color,
so I try to keep it looking
sort of good, I guess...
I was talking about the cherry trees.
Huh?!
Oh... right...
Well to be honest, I don't know much
about beauty or anything, but...
...I like your hair.
It smells nice, too.
Y-You pervert!
What?!
Have you always been sniffing me?
No! When you work with someone
as close as we have,
you smell them even if you don't mean to!
Tonight everyone's good conduct has been
rewarded with the cherries in full bloom.
Let's all let our hair down
and have a good time.
Cheers, everyone!
Cheers!
Please try some, if you like.
Those look good.
Did you make them yourself?
Yes, but I'm not sure you'll like them...
Mmm. You're a good cook, Igarashi-san.
Oh, not really. Well, there's plenty more,
so please feel free.
Beer tastes great outdoors, huh?
It sure does.
Ta-da! There's lots of other stuff, too.
Oh, wow!
Ooishi, come drink with us!
I'm fine, really.
Oh, come on now, let's party tonight!
Do I have to?
Hey, don't force it on him now.
Here you go.
Thanks. This looks so good.
Yeah.
Got enough beer?
Here, let me pour you some.
Oh... thanks.
Shall I guess the way you look right now?
No, that's okay.
♬ A lover's ploy, the theater of dreams
I cannot forget a single line ♬
Hey, Chief!
Huh?
Whas'sat shong yer shingin'?
Can't ya shing it widda little more shoul?
Ooishi-kun, you sure do act
different when you're drunk.
Hey, lisshen! A shong's gotta
have shoul. Ya hear me? Shoul!
Well, now.
What are you doing, stupid?
Hey, stay outta dis!
Da fun's juss about ta start.
I'm so, so sorry!
Was Ooishi-san always like that?
I heard he was in the pop music club
when he was a student.
Oh...
What club were you in, Igarashi?
I was in the art club.
Oh, I remember that bear you drew me.
I liked it. It had character.
Hey now, don't flatter me!
I didn't say it to be polite.
You like to draw, right?
Then, be confident.
I think that being passionate
about something is a fine gift.
A friend once said
something similar to me.
We've been friends since we were kids.
Now we both live here in Tokyo,
and we often hang out.
Oh, is she the one in that picture
you've got in your room?
Picture? How do you know about that?
I went to your place when you were sick
in bed, remember? That's how--
Shush!
The girl in the picture's name is Natsumi.
It's because of her
that I still like to draw.
Did something happen?
Oh, this and that.
Oh, come on, tell me the story.
Well, if you insist...
Hey, look.
Huh?
Hey, Igarashi!
Wh-What?
Whatcha drawing?
Come on, show us!
Uh, well... that's...
What is this?
It's a bear.
What?
You're kidding, right?
It looks more like a pig!
Are you done now? Give it back.
Hey, I've got it! Why don't cha
let us draw something?
Huh?
G-Give it back! That notebook's
really important to me!
Hey now, don't get all serious on us...
Please!
All we wanna do is draw a picture, too.
Hey... you're gonna cry now?!
Wh-What was that?
That's the girl who's always tardy...
This is not good.
Somebody go get the teacher.
Igarashi.
This is important to you, right?
Stop giving her a hard time.
"Club Application"
Oh, man, you can't be serious!
Hey, I think you'd better stop...
Igarashi, you're joining the art club
even though your drawing stinks?!
Is he all right?
Shut your big, fat mouth...
Igarashi can join the art club.
So what if her drawing stinks?
She's doing it because she likes to draw.
What's this?
Just what do you guys think you're doing?
I hope Natsumi-chan's okay...
Igarashi.
Wh... What?
At first, all we wanted to do was
give you a bit of a hard time...
But we didn't realize your notebook
was important enough to cry about...
Anyhow, we're joining the baseball club.
Because we like baseball, you know?
But we both still kind of suck at it...
So... when Kurobe punched me,
I realized what I said was pretty mean.
I'm really sorry for getting so worked up
and saying all those mean things.
Me, too.
Natsumi-chan!
Are you all right?
You should be worried about those boys.
They told the teacher what happened.
But actually, I was the one
who knocked the chair over...
...and the one who started the fight...
Don't go punching anyone else, okay?
Well, I'm glad you're all right, Igarashi.
Natsumi-chan, if it's okay with you,
I'd like you to call me Futaba.
What?
Is that a no?
Well... okay, I guess.
Then, you can just call me
Natsumi without the "-chan."
Got it!
--Natsumi!
--Futaba!
Okay, I'm going home now.
Hey, wait a sec!
Um... If you don't want to, it's okay,
but will you join the art club with me?
I thought it'd be more fun,
if you were there too, Natsumi...
Sorry, Futaba. I just finished
turning in my club application.
Which one did you choose?
Track and field.
But why...?
Because I like to run.
Natsumi...
...taught me to have the courage
to do what I liked.
When I was feeling anxious
about coming to Tokyo by myself,
I remembered what she said to me that day.
Natsumi's such a great gal.
Hey, could you draw me
something else sometime?
I don't know much about art,
but... I like your pictures.
Okay, I will.
Love and...
Shoul!
--Come on! Knock it off!
--Shoul!
--Love and...
--I can feel it ringing inside my head...
--Shoul!
--Who let them drink that much?!
--Love and...
--Shoul!
--Who let them drink that much?!
--Love and...
--Shoul!
Love and...
Shoul!
"Convenience Store"
Oh, Natsumi-chan!
Oh, thanks for chatting
with us the other day.
"Celebrating 10 Years!
Manta Premium Coffee"
Do you come here often?
Yeah, it's close to work.
Oh, it looks like Yuto-kun's trying
really hard at long-distance running.
How'd you know?
But lately he's been
running in the morning,
and it appears he's joined
the basketball club.
Does he look like he's enjoying it?
Yeah! He told me it's pretty hard
but also a lot of fun.
That's nice. Tell him I'm
cheering for him, okay?
"Illustration: Sameda Koban"